academic.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Academic

## Papers

[Methods for Classically Simulating Noisy Networked Quantum Architectures](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.04167)

[Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation (Quantum Physics and Logic 2017 Extended Abstract)](http://eptcs.web.cse.unsw.edu.au/paper.cgi?QPL2017.14)

[Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.01998) 

***

## Presentations

[QuRLInG 2019: Verification of NISQ Devices]({{"assets/Verification_of_NISQ_Devices.pdf"}}) - I spoke as part of a group with my contribution being to the "Hypothesis Testing" section.

[QuIVER 2018: Verification of Quantum Superiority]({{"assets/QuIVER.pdf"}}) - I also co-organised the [event](https://danielmills390.wixsite.com/quiver)

[Pervasive Parallelism Lunch 2018: 5 years away - A history of quantum computing and the prospect of a near term superiority demonstration.]({{"/assets/PPAR2018.pdf"}})

[Quantum Physics and Logic 2017: Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation]({{"/assets/QPL2017.pdf"}}) - [VIDEO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJGd3oCR7fc&index=12&list=PLSDabBQOlXxT4VtPXdKPCzMyt8NpTdh35)

[Quantum Simulation Models Workshop 2017: Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation]({{"/assets/QSMW2017.pdf"}})

[Pervasive Parallelism Lunch 2017: Quantum Computing - Some Interesting Bits and Bobs, and Squashed Misconceptions]({{"/assets/PPAR2017.pdf"}})

***

## Posters

[Pervasive Parallelism Industrial Engagement 2019]({{"/assets/iee_2019.pdf"}})

[Pervasive Parallelism Industrial Engagement 2018]({{"/assets/iee_2018.pdf"}}) - [HANDOUT]({{"/assets/iee_2018_handout.pdf"}})

[Theoretical Quantum Computing 2017 & Trustworthy Quantum Computing 2017 - Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation]({{"/assets/TQC2017.pdf"}})

***

Commit message:

Born presentation and posters added

academic.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Academic

## Papers

[The Born Supremacy: Quantum Advantage and Training of an Ising Born Machine](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02214)

[Methods for Classically Simulating Noisy Networked Quantum Architectures](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.04167)

[Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation (Quantum Physics and Logic 2017 Extended Abstract)](http://eptcs.web.cse.unsw.edu.au/paper.cgi?QPL2017.14)

[Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.01998) 

***

## Presentations

[ESA Workshop – Quantum Processing of Big Data: from quantum computing to earth observation: The Training and Quantum Advantage of the Ising Born Machine]({{"assets/QIM_ESA_2019.pdf"}})

[QuRLInG 2019: Verification of NISQ Devices]({{"assets/Verification_of_NISQ_Devices.pdf"}}) - I spoke as part of a group with my contribution being to the "Hypothesis Testing" section.

[QuIVER 2018: Verification of Quantum Superiority]({{"assets/QuIVER.pdf"}}) - I also co-organised the [event](https://danielmills390.wixsite.com/quiver)

[Pervasive Parallelism Lunch 2018: 5 years away - A history of quantum computing and the prospect of a near term superiority demonstration.]({{"/assets/PPAR2018.pdf"}})

[Quantum Physics and Logic 2017: Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation]({{"/assets/QPL2017.pdf"}}) - [VIDEO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJGd3oCR7fc&index=12&list=PLSDabBQOlXxT4VtPXdKPCzMyt8NpTdh35)

[Quantum Simulation Models Workshop 2017: Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation]({{"/assets/QSMW2017.pdf"}})

[Pervasive Parallelism Lunch 2017: Quantum Computing - Some Interesting Bits and Bobs, and Squashed Misconceptions]({{"/assets/PPAR2017.pdf"}})

***

## Posters

[Pervasive Parallelism Industrial Engagement 2019]({{"/assets/iee_2019.pdf"}})

[Pervasive Parallelism Industrial Engagement 2018]({{"/assets/iee_2018.pdf"}}) - [HANDOUT]({{"/assets/iee_2018_handout.pdf"}})

[Theoretical Quantum Computing 2017 & Trustworthy Quantum Computing 2017 - Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation]({{"/assets/TQC2017.pdf"}})

***
