index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

![dan mills picture]({{"/assets/profile-pic.jpg"}})

I am currently a PhD student in the [Pervasive Parallelism centre for doctoral training](http://web.inf.ed.ac.uk/infweb/student-services/cdt/pervasive-parallelism) at the [University of Edinburgh School of Informatics](https://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics). Under the supervision of professor [Elham Kashefi](https://ekashefi.wordpress.com/), and as part of the [quantum informatics group](http://web.inf.ed.ac.uk/quantum-informatics), I study Quantum computation.

***

## Academic Interests

The focus of my work is on the verification of near term quantum computers, where noise and architectural constraints are to be considered, and demonstrations of the superiority of quantum over classical computing. I also work on classical simulation of quantum systems, quantum cryptography, machine learning using quantum computers and on developing and utilising quantum software.

You can find details about my experience by following the links below:
* A collection of my [academic work](academic), as well as my [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?view_op=list_works&hl=en&user=qAAWFFEAAAAJ&gmla=AJsN-F7wChVI6DrBgGym427YKNkwejw6Amx94HpJZXsw9zXw8C83iaJ4m_yuKKl_QU8X6fq24hGu-ENWt9vRzQjEA6D50Z1Tjxm2-5f0TVWWs3WJ4WQVqAufHCLmddyJg_sXCozcOmyy) and [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/search/quant-ph?searchtype=author&query=Mills%2C+D) profiles, may be of interest
* My work experience can be found in my [curriculum vitae]({{"/assets/CV.pdf"}}) or in my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dan-mills)

For further details you may also like to watch me give a short introduction to my work below.

<iframe id="kaltura_player" src="https://cdnapisec.kaltura.com/p/2010292/sp/201029200/embedIframeJs/uiconf_id/32599141/partner_id/2010292?iframeembed=true&playerId=kaltura_player&entry_id=1_cz9jh0g2&flashvars[streamerType]=auto&amp;flashvars[localizationCode]=en&amp;flashvars[leadWithHTML5]=true&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.position]=left&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.clickToClose]=true&amp;flashvars[chapters.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[chapters.layout]=vertical&amp;flashvars[chapters.thumbnailRotator]=false&amp;flashvars[streamSelector.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[EmbedPlayer.SpinnerTarget]=videoHolder&amp;flashvars[dualScreen.plugin]=true&amp;&wid=1_1xy5qhvj" width="500" height="356" allowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreen mozAllowFullScreen allow="autoplay *; fullscreen *; encrypted-media *" frameborder="0" title="Kaltura Player"></iframe>  

***

## Other Interests

I, along with [Brian Coyle](https://briancoyle1.wixsite.com/briancoyle), organised [QuHackEd](https://quhackedinfo.wixsite.com/mysite), the first quantum computing hackathon in Scotland. 

<iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TATYECOmv-U" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I have a keen interest in science communication and journalism, having hosted my own science themed radio show on [Freshair](https://freshair.org.uk/), Edinburgh's student radio station, and having been head of news there. 

I'm also a keen maker and have worked in [the University of Edinburgh’s community makerspace](https://www.ucreatestudio.is.ed.ac.uk/) as a technician and marketing manager.

***

## Contact

If you would like to be in touch feel free to email me at daniel.mills - at - ed.ac.uk or come find me in office IF-5.19 of the [Informatics building](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dugald+Stewart+Building,+Informatics+Forum,+Edinburgh+EH8+9AB/@55.9447509,-3.1881526,18.5z/data=!3m1!5s0x4887c78380a9954d:0x6f0e11144cdbe50c!4m13!1m7!3m6!1s0x4887c78380560aa5:0xabe2f9d4a73bf5f5!2sInformatics+Forum,+Edinburgh+EH8+9AB!3b1!8m2!3d55.9447576!4d-3.1874533!3m4!1s0x4887c7847f57fce7:0xa55424c3cecbf4c9!8m2!3d55.9450306!4d-3.1877087://www.google.com/maps/place/Informatics+Forum,+Edinburgh+EH8+9AB/@55.9447587,-3.1882289,18z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x4887c78380560aa5:0xabe2f9d4a73bf5f5!8m2!3d55.9447576!4d-3.1874533).

***

Commit message:

Update with job and published

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

![dan mills picture]({{"/assets/profile-pic.jpg"}})

I am currently a research scientist at [Cambridge Quantum
Computing](https://cambridgequantum.com/), with interests in benchmarking,
secure computing and quantum software. I completed my PhD in the [Pervasive
Parallelism centre for doctoral
training](http://web.inf.ed.ac.uk/infweb/student-services/cdt/pervasive-parallelism)
at the [University of Edinburgh School of
Informatics](https://www.ed.ac.uk/informatics) under the supervision of
professor [Elham Kashefi](https://ekashefi.wordpress.com/), and as part of the
[quantum informatics group](http://web.inf.ed.ac.uk/quantum-informatics).

***

## Academic Interests

The focus of my work is on the verification of near term quantum computers, where noise and architectural constraints are to be considered, and demonstrations of the superiority of quantum over classical computing. I also work on classical simulation of quantum systems, quantum cryptography, machine learning using quantum computers and on developing and utilising quantum software.

You can find details about my experience by following the links below:
* A collection of my [academic work](academic), as well as my [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?view_op=list_works&hl=en&user=qAAWFFEAAAAJ&gmla=AJsN-F7wChVI6DrBgGym427YKNkwejw6Amx94HpJZXsw9zXw8C83iaJ4m_yuKKl_QU8X6fq24hGu-ENWt9vRzQjEA6D50Z1Tjxm2-5f0TVWWs3WJ4WQVqAufHCLmddyJg_sXCozcOmyy) and [arXiv](https://arxiv.org/search/quant-ph?searchtype=author&query=Mills%2C+D) profiles, may be of interest
* My work experience can be found in my [curriculum vitae]({{"/assets/CV.pdf"}}) or in my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/dan-mills)

For further details you may also like to watch me give a short introduction to my work below.

<iframe id="kaltura_player" src="https://cdnapisec.kaltura.com/p/2010292/sp/201029200/embedIframeJs/uiconf_id/32599141/partner_id/2010292?iframeembed=true&playerId=kaltura_player&entry_id=1_cz9jh0g2&flashvars[streamerType]=auto&amp;flashvars[localizationCode]=en&amp;flashvars[leadWithHTML5]=true&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.position]=left&amp;flashvars[sideBarContainer.clickToClose]=true&amp;flashvars[chapters.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[chapters.layout]=vertical&amp;flashvars[chapters.thumbnailRotator]=false&amp;flashvars[streamSelector.plugin]=true&amp;flashvars[EmbedPlayer.SpinnerTarget]=videoHolder&amp;flashvars[dualScreen.plugin]=true&amp;&wid=1_1xy5qhvj" width="500" height="356" allowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreen mozAllowFullScreen allow="autoplay *; fullscreen *; encrypted-media *" frameborder="0" title="Kaltura Player"></iframe>  

***

## Other Interests

I, along with [Brian Coyle](https://briancoyle1.wixsite.com/briancoyle), organised [QuHackEd](https://quhackedinfo.wixsite.com/mysite), the first quantum computing hackathon in Scotland. 

<iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/TATYECOmv-U" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

I have a keen interest in science communication and journalism, having hosted my own science themed radio show on [Freshair](https://freshair.org.uk/), Edinburgh's student radio station, and having been head of news there. 

I'm also a keen maker and have worked in [the University of Edinburgh’s community makerspace](https://www.ucreatestudio.is.ed.ac.uk/) as a technician and marketing manager.

***

## Contact

If you would like to be in touch feel free to email me at daniel.mills - at - cambridgequantum.com.

***
