publications.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Publications

Below are my published papers and preprints, in reverse chronological order, with some relevant but out of context figures.

[**Deep Learning Approaches to Quantum Error Mitigation**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2601.14226)

![ml em paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/deep_learning.png"}})

[**On-Chip Verified Quantum Computation with an Ion-Trap Quantum Processing Unit**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.24133): [Published in Physical Review Letters](https://journals.aps.org/prl/accepted/3807fY4eMc81b58bf372038263162a5bf6f5c79f8)

You may enjoy [this blog post](https://www.quantinuum.com/blog/establishing-trust) or [this article](https://phys.org/news/2025-11-chip-cryptographic-protocol-quantum-results.html) on the result.

![ocvqc paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/ocvqc.png"}})

[**Quantum Algorithm Exploration using Application-Oriented Performance Benchmarks**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.08985)

![qedc benchmarking paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/qedc_benchmarking.png"}})

[**Distributing circuits over heterogeneous, modular quantum computing network architectures**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.14148): [Published in Quantum Science and Technology](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/2058-9565/ad6734)

![pytket dqc paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/pytket_dqc.png"}})

[**Entanglement-efficient bipartite-distributed quantum computing**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.12688): [Published in Quantum](https://quantum-journal.org/papers/q-2023-12-05-1196/)

![embedding paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/embedding.png"}})

[**Volumetric Benchmarking of Error Mitigation with Qermit**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09725): [Published in Quantum](https://quantum-journal.org/papers/q-2023-07-13-1059/)

![qermit paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/qermit.png"}})

[**Application-Motivated, Holistic Benchmarking of a Full Quantum Computing Stack**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.01273): [Published in Quantum](https://quantum-journal.org/papers/q-2021-03-22-415/)

You may also enjoy [this perspective](https://quantum-journal.org/views/qv-2021-04-26-52/).

![benchmarking paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/benchmarking.png"}})

[**The Born Supremacy: Quantum Advantage and Training of an Ising Born Machine**](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02214): [Published in NPJ Quantum Information](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41534-020-00288-9)

![born paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/born.png"}})

[**Methods for Classically Simulating Noisy Networked Quantum Architectures**](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.04167): [Published in Quantum Science and Technology](https://doi.org/10.1088/2058-9565/ab54a4)

![nqit paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/nqit.png"}})

[**Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation**](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.01998): [Published in the proceedings of Quantum Physics and Logic 2017](http://eptcs.web.cse.unsw.edu.au/paper.cgi?QPL2017.14)

![iqp paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/iqp.png"}})

Commit message:

Add ml for optimisation paper

publications.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Publications

Below are my published papers and preprints, in reverse chronological order, with some relevant but out of context figures.

[**Reinforcement Learning for Adaptive Composition of Quantum Circuit Optimisation Passes**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2601.21629)

![ml optimisation paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/ml_for_optimisation.png"}})

[**Deep Learning Approaches to Quantum Error Mitigation**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2601.14226)

![ml em paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/deep_learning.png"}})

[**On-Chip Verified Quantum Computation with an Ion-Trap Quantum Processing Unit**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2410.24133): [Published in Physical Review Letters](https://journals.aps.org/prl/accepted/3807fY4eMc81b58bf372038263162a5bf6f5c79f8)

You may enjoy [this blog post](https://www.quantinuum.com/blog/establishing-trust) or [this article](https://phys.org/news/2025-11-chip-cryptographic-protocol-quantum-results.html) on the result.

![ocvqc paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/ocvqc.png"}})

[**Quantum Algorithm Exploration using Application-Oriented Performance Benchmarks**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2402.08985)

![qedc benchmarking paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/qedc_benchmarking.png"}})

[**Distributing circuits over heterogeneous, modular quantum computing network architectures**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2305.14148): [Published in Quantum Science and Technology](https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/2058-9565/ad6734)

![pytket dqc paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/pytket_dqc.png"}})

[**Entanglement-efficient bipartite-distributed quantum computing**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2212.12688): [Published in Quantum](https://quantum-journal.org/papers/q-2023-12-05-1196/)

![embedding paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/embedding.png"}})

[**Volumetric Benchmarking of Error Mitigation with Qermit**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09725): [Published in Quantum](https://quantum-journal.org/papers/q-2023-07-13-1059/)

![qermit paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/qermit.png"}})

[**Application-Motivated, Holistic Benchmarking of a Full Quantum Computing Stack**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2006.01273): [Published in Quantum](https://quantum-journal.org/papers/q-2021-03-22-415/)

You may also enjoy [this perspective](https://quantum-journal.org/views/qv-2021-04-26-52/).

![benchmarking paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/benchmarking.png"}})

[**The Born Supremacy: Quantum Advantage and Training of an Ising Born Machine**](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.02214): [Published in NPJ Quantum Information](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41534-020-00288-9)

![born paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/born.png"}})

[**Methods for Classically Simulating Noisy Networked Quantum Architectures**](https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.04167): [Published in Quantum Science and Technology](https://doi.org/10.1088/2058-9565/ab54a4)

![nqit paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/nqit.png"}})

[**Information Theoretically Secure Hypothesis Test for Temporally Unstructured Quantum Computation**](https://arxiv.org/abs/1704.01998): [Published in the proceedings of Quantum Physics and Logic 2017](http://eptcs.web.cse.unsw.edu.au/paper.cgi?QPL2017.14)

![iqp paper]({{"/assets/paper_pictures/iqp.png"}})
